welcome to recap in minutes this tells
a story of a two gifted scientists
who succeed in giving life to beings of
their own creation but ends up not what
they imagined the monsters revenge through murder
and terror spoilers ahead watch out and take care
in 1890s london igor worked as a clown for a
traveling circus due to his hunchback which
makes him not be able to walk properly everyone
treats him poorly but igor is very smart and draws
beautifully detailed pictures of human anatomy in
his spare time a night a medical student victor
frankenstein attends a circus performance while
performing in london an aerialist named lorelei
falls from her trapeze victor and igor rushed
to her aid and igor impresses victor by saving
lorelei's life with his knowledge of human anatomy
acquired from stolen books that night the circus
owner burns eager books and locks him in a cage
because he heard victor saying he is wasting in
the circus and too good to be around these people
after sometimes victor comes to liberates igor
the circus leader witnesses this and calls for
the most of the circus performers to chase them
one dies in the process and they escape back at
his town home also laboratory victor deduces that
the hunch on igor's back is a cyst he drains it
and puts igor in a harness to correct his posture
igor can stand for the first time in his life
victor descends to his basement laboratory
leaving igor to clean himself up the next
morning inspector turpin and his colleague
alastair investigate the murder of the circus
worker turpin discovers igor's sketches and a
bag that victor dropped the night before it
contains a lion's paw turpin tells alistair
to turns the sketches into wanted
posters the men are wanted for murder
turpin tells alastair he believes neither
igor nor victor killed the circus performer
however over the past several months a mysterious
man matching victor's description has been buying
and stealing animals parts all over london turpin
a devout man believes victor is up to something
blasphemous later igor finds the hospital where
lorelei was taken he pays a maid to look after
lorelei on his way back to victor's townhouse
he sees the wanted posters in panics when victor
returns home from college he assures igor that
the authorities are looking for a hunchback clown
not the new igor victor tells igor his life's
work is to reverse death's permanence meaning to
bring back dead to life he shows igor his latest
experiment the eyes of a man who died months ago
by preserving the eyes in a conductive liquid and
attaching them to electric wires he can reanimate
them by flipping a switch the eyes come to life
and igor corrects a mistake victor made victor
again is impressed and grateful victor and
igor embark on reanimating different organs
lungs a heart and other body internal organs weeks
pass and lorelei finds a benefactor so her life
also improves after eagle reanimates a pair of
lungs victor takes him to a high society soiree
while victor is discussed with his friends igor
sees lorelei at first she does not recognize
him but when she does she greets him warmly she
now masquerades as the mistress of a gay baron
victor interrupts their reunion
and behaves rudely towards lorelei
although he intrigues her by talking about the
reversal of death at the end of the night victor
warns igor about becoming too close to lorelei
calling her distraction soon thereafter victor
takes igor into his basement laboratory and
shows him gordon the corpse of a gruesome
chimpanzee hybrid made up parts he stole or
purchased from zoos thanks to igor's innovations
victor now believes he can reanimate gordon by
charging him with electricity igor's confusion
turns to absolute shock when victor shocks gordon
and brings the creature back to life the next day
victor presents gordon and his experiment at his
college few people attend the presentation and
the audience includes lorelei whom igor invited
and finnegan victor's snobbish wealthy classmate
initially victor cannot resuscitate
gordon much to finnegan's sneering delight
lorelei looks disgusted by the proceedings when
victor beats his equipment however the machinery
shocks gordon again reviving him gordon goes crazy
and tries to attack lorelei he escapes the room so
igor chases him through the building eventually
igor corners gordon in a hallway but turns around
to attack igor and when the two topple over
the banister about to plummet to their deaths
victor finds them and pulls gordon though at
igor's call for he crushes gordon's head ending
his second life later inspector turpin arrives at
the college to inspect the damage gordon inflicted
finnegan visits victor and igor at victor's
townhouse he commends them for the experiments
and commissions them to create another one but
this time victor wants to resurrect a human
igor wants nothing to do with finnegan but victor
overrules him later inspector turpin and alastair
pay them a visit he wants to search the doctor's
home but victor tells him to get a legal warrant
turpin and victor clash over god and religion
victor disdains turpan's christianity and part on
very bad terms the next day igor meets lorelei for
a walk through she tells him how uneasy victor's
experiments make her she believes victor goes too
far igor finds it difficult to chastise victor
because he believes he owes everything he has
become to victor lorelei disagrees igor agrees
he will speak to victor when he returns to the
townhouse he meets mr frankenstein victor's father
mr frankenstein has come to inform his son that he
has been expelled from the college igor overhears
him tell victor that now he has ruined his
own life as opposed to that of his brother
mr frankenstein's insults devastate victor and
igor decided not to voice his concerns instead
he snaps victor out of his melancholy by
pointing out that his sketches of prometheus
the reanimated corpse are too small in order to
make a reanimated body that can sustain a charge
they need to build a very large human victor's
enthusiasm returns he and igor believe that
if they put two hearts and two sets of lungs
into prometheus and revive him via lightning
they can reanimate him igor sees victor's pocket
watch and asks if it belonged to someone he loved
victor and igor work feverishly on building
prometheus one night igor goes to a dance
with lorelai they have a wonderful time and she
takes him upstairs for some privacy they spend
the night together meanwhile turpin's rage
towards victor grows the following morning
when igor returns from orlais party he finds
turpin and a gang of policemen trying to break
down the front door of victor's townhouse igor
sneaks inside and tells victor they need to run
victor has sent for one of finnegan's carriages
but he wants to destroy his machines before they
leave turpin sneaks in behind igor and pulls a gun
on the two men victor manages to knock him into
one of his machines and turpin screams in agony as
his hand is caught in a heavy gear victor and igor
escaped through an underground passage and flee
in finnegan's carriage turpin burst from victor's
house having lost his hand and an eye just in time
to see the finnegan family crest on the carriage
finnegan doesn't seem to mind that victor and
igor are wanted by the police he sends them to
his family's castle in scotland when eagle refuses
to go victor turns on him he insults igor claiming
igor will never be accepted by society on his own
as igor watches his former mentor leave finnegan's
men sneak up behind him they throw a bag over
his head finnegan has them throw igor off of
westminster bridge explaining that he wants his
family to control victor's life-giving technology
he needs to clean up loose ends igor manages
to untie his feet and swim to the surface
he goes to lorelei who nurses him back to health
after he recovers igor realizes he has victor's
watch victor told igor that as a child he and his
older brother went outside to play in the snow a
blizzard blew in without warning and his brother
henry died victor has always felt responsible for
taking his brother's life igor decides to go to
scotland to stop victor's experiment and lauralee
insists upon traveling with him when igor and
lorelei arrive at finnegan's isolated castle
they encounter an army of guards lorley distracts
them while igor sneaks past them when lorelei
tries to leave turpin materializes out of nowhere
he didn't have a warrant to search victor's home
and was fired he is desperate to stop victor's
satanic work inside the castle victor and finnegan
prepare for prometheuses resurrection a lightning
storm brews and they have strapped the body into a
cage attached to electrical wires when igor
tries to stop victor victor dismisses him
turpin also manages to sneak into the castle
in time to see lightning strike the body
slowly but unmistakably the finger starts
to move finnegan and victor rejoice but
when more lightning strikes the tower the
machinery explodes finnegan falls to his death
turpin confronts victor both men are distracted
when they realize prometheus's cage is empty
victor turpin and igor see prometheus standing
across the tower victor runs over to it while
turpin threatens to shoot the creature
moves slowly and does not react to victor
victor quickly realizes what a mistake he has made
he has not created life at all as prometheus has
no consciousness and cannot talk turpin shoots
prometheus and it attacks victor in a rage when
turpin continues to shoot prometheus it kills
him igor jumps into the fray and stabs prometheus
through the heart with a spike the creature
collapses but victor reminds igor that prometheus
has two hearts it wars back to life hits igor
and he collapse just right after victor stabs
the second heart and ends prometheus for good when
igor awakens the next morning lorelei stands over
him she has a letter from victor victor figures
that igor has had enough of him he apologizes
for being cruel to igor but also calls igor his
finest creation lorelei and igor embrace somewhere
in the scottish countryside victor sets out on
a new adventure thanks for watching please don't
forget to subscribe and turn on the notification
bell to get noticed when a new video is uploaded